AGREEMENT TO SELL

This Agreement to Sell is made and executed at Jaipur on this 5th day of
January, 2023.

BETWEEN

Shri Mahipal Singh Rathore, S/o Late Shri Govind Singh Rathore, aged about 58
years, resident of Villa 12, Civil Lines, Jaipur, Rajasthan - 302 006
(hereinafter called the "SELLER/VENDOR", which expression shall include his
heirs, legal representatives, and assigns) of the ONE PART;

AND

Smt. Neelam Agarwal, W/o Shri Rakesh Agarwal, aged about 44 years, resident of
88, Vaishali Nagar, Jaipur, Rajasthan - 302 021 (hereinafter called the
"PURCHASER/VENDEE", which expression shall include her heirs, legal
representatives, and assigns) of the OTHER PART.

WHEREAS the Seller is the sole and absolute owner of the residential plot bearing
Plot No. 47, Khasra No. 211/3, measuring 250 sq. yards, situated at Mansarovar
Extension, Jaipur (hereinafter the "Said Property"), free from all encumbrances,
charges, liens, and litigation.

AND WHEREAS the Seller has agreed to sell and the Purchaser has agreed to
purchase the Said Property for a total sale consideration of Rs. 60,00,000/-
(Rupees Sixty Lakh only), on the following terms and conditions:

1. The Purchaser has, on the date of this Agreement, paid to the Seller a sum of
   Rs. 15,00,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Lakh only) as earnest money / advance, the
   receipt whereof the Seller hereby acknowledges. Payment was made vide cheque
   No. 778210 drawn on ICICI Bank, C-Scheme Branch, Jaipur.

2. The balance sale consideration of Rs. 45,00,000/- (Rupees Forty-Five Lakh
   only) shall be paid by the Purchaser at the time of execution and registration
   of the Sale Deed.

3. The Sale Deed shall be executed and registered on or before 30th June, 2023.
   Time shall be deemed to be the essence of this contract.

4. The Seller shall, before the date of registration, obtain and hand over all
   original title documents, the latest property-tax receipts, and a No-Objection
   Certificate from the housing society.

5. If the Seller fails or refuses to execute the Sale Deed within the stipulated
   time, the Purchaser shall be entitled to enforce specific performance of this
   Agreement and/or to recover the earnest money paid, together with damages.

6. If the Purchaser fails to pay the balance consideration within the stipulated
   time, the earnest money paid shall stand forfeited.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have set their hands on the day, month, and year
first above written.

SELLER: (Sd/-) Mahipal Singh Rathore
PURCHASER: (Sd/-) Neelam Agarwal

WITNESSES:
1. Praveen Sharma, Advocate, Jaipur
2. Anil Kumar Jain, Jaipur

----------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE FROM PURCHASER (added by Smt. Agarwal for her own records):

I paid the 15 lakh advance on time and was always ready and willing to pay the
balance. As the registration date neared, the Seller stopped taking my calls.
On 28th June 2023 he told me prices had gone up and he would not sell unless I
paid 20 lakh more. He has not returned my advance either. I have bank statements
and WhatsApp messages showing I had arranged the balance amount.
